suggestions to hooded crow (#53)
ghga-de/epic-docs: 18-hooded-crow/technical_specification.md

> *Interrogation Room*
> 1. The first file part of the confirmed uploaded file ist requested and forwarded to the *Encryption Key Store* to process information contained in the Crypt4GH envelope.
> 2. The information returned is used to produce SHA256 checksums for all encrypted file parts corresponding to actual file content, i.e. excluding the envelope.

> File part sizes do not corresponds to the part used in the multipart upload. As these new parts start at the encrypted content offset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
File part sizes correspond to the part size used in the multipart upload for all but the last part.
Due to the removed envelope, part content is different, though.
```
